WebNano version 0.001

This is a minimalistic PSGI/Plack based web framework - the main design goal 
of it is to delegate as much as possible to specialized CPAN modules with 
minimal hassle. 

Currently the repository contains also example extensions (everything in the
lib/WebNano/Controller/ directory).  It is convenient this way - but 
eventually they'll go into separate distributions or will be left in the
examples subdir.

For building the application components I experiment with using Bread::Board - 
but it is not a dependency - in the tests I build the components by hand. 

What is currently implemented is just
dispatching (routing) - this is built around the following design ideas:

Controllers (like Catalyst) - classes with methods per sub-address 

Dispatching (routing) in controllers

This makes controllers more independent from the whole application and mixable
with more flexibility.  This also leads to the elegant design of recursive
dispatching - you start from the root controller it then serves the request or
chooses another controller where the same thing happens (sometimes called tree
of resposibility - extension of the chain of responsibility design pattern).

Controller object live in the request scope (new controller per request)

If you need to build a heavy structure used in the controller you can always
build it as the application attribute and use it in the controller as it has
access to the application object, but since all the work of controllers is
done in the request scope (i.e. creating the request) - then it makes sense
that the whole object lives in that scope.  This is the same as Tatsumaki
handlers (and controllers in Rails, Django and probably other frameworks) -
but different from Catalyst.

DEPENDENCIES

The core of WebNano is based on Class::XSAttributes.
Beside that there are only minimal dependencies for the core - but there are
a couple of extensions illustrating how to implement different dispatching
methods and also for testing I use FormHandler and DBIC - those would eventually go into
examples and other distros but for now it is convenient for me to keep it in 
the main repository.


INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Makefile.PL make make test make install


DEPENDENCIES

See Makefile.PL


COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2009, Zbigniew Łukasiak

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as Perl itself.
